ARROW-7879: [C++][Doc] Add doc for the Device API (#6454)
apache/arrow: docs/source/cpp/memory.rst

Conversely, you can also use a STL allocator to allocate Arrow memory,
using the :class:`arrow::stl::STLMemoryPool` class.  However, this may be less
performant, as STL allocators don't provide a resizing operation.

Devices

> =======

Author: Would appreciate advice and suggestions on the wording here. cc @nealrichardson @wesm

> Many Arrow applications only access CPU (host) memory.  However, in some cases

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many Arrow applications only access host (CPU) memory.  However, in some cases
```

> it is desired to handle on-device memory (such as on-board memory on a GPU

Reviewer: ```suggestion
it is desirable to handle on-device memory (such as on-board memory on a GPU)
```

> add-on card) as well as regular CPU memory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as well as host memory.
```

> Arrow represents different devices, including the CPU, using the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Arrow represents the CPU and other devices using the
```

> :class:`arrow::Device` abstraction.  Furthermore, one can create

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:class:`arrow::Device` abstraction.  The associated class :class:`arrow::MemoryManager`
specifies how to allocate on a given device.  Each device has a default memory manager, but
additional instances may be constructed (for example, wrapping a custom
:class:`arrow::MemoryPool` the CPU).
```

:class:`arrow::MemoryManager` instances which specifiy how to allocate
memory on a given device (for example, using a particular
:class:`arrow::MemoryPool` on the CPU).

Device-Agnostic Programming
---------------------------

If you receive a Buffer from third-party code, you can query whether it is
CPU-readable by calling its :func:`~arrow::Buffer::is_cpu` method.

> You can also make sure the Buffer can be viewed on a given device, in a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also check generically that a Buffer can be viewed on a given device
```

Author: It's not just a check. The Buffer returned by `View` does not have the same address as the original buffer.

Reviewer: How about:
```suggestion
You can also generically use a non-eager-copy transfer mechanism to view the Buffer on a
given device, by calling :func:`arrow::Buffer::View` (which will return `nullptr` if only
copy is supported) or :func:`arrow::Buffer::ViewOrCopy` (which will fall back
to copy if :func:`arrow::Buffer::View` would return `nullptr`).
```
